Document result for Invalid Date (#11953)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/date/valueof/index.md

### Return value

> The number of milliseconds between 1 January 1970 00:00:00 UTC and the given date or NaN for Invalid Date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The number of milliseconds between 1 January 1970 00:00:00 UTC and the given date, or {{jsxref("NaN")}} in case of an invalid date.
```
